We stand for peace and order. We shut the door nowhere and to none.
Any nation that desires to take a hand in this great task is welcome.
But mind you, there shall be no conquest, no oppression, no exploitation under the new order which we conceive.
We are as much against Japan herself committing these iniquities in the future.
We will not be induced to deflect from our settled cause whatever the pressure of whoever we detract.
This in short is the basic attitude of my government.
When I say we must trade in larger currencies, I mean to imply that rather than quarrel about minor grievances,
we should try to look in a big way at the fundamentals of the situation now confronting us.
Japan's idea, the ideal bequeathed from time immemorial, from the time of the very foundation of the empire,
is to enable all nations to take their proper place in the world.
However, it is my humble opinion that the world should be reorganized and reformed in a more rational way,
as for instance, crystals are formed according to the law of nature.
Minerals of different natures agree between themselves.
As to which of them will give way to the other at their junctions and take their permitted shape and allotted shares of space,
yielding or being yielded to as they build up a perfect crystal.
When the international society is crystallized in a similar manner, in accordance with the spirit of justice and equity,
then and then only will a genuine and lasting peace prevail throughout the world.